# TDAH - Thermal Detector of Atomic Hydrogen
This is source code of software for my student project about detection of atomic hydrogen using thermal detectors. In a nutshell these devices meassure the heat realeased by reccombination of atomic hydrogen and determine consequences from it. Its also proven fact, that reccombination coefficient of atomic hydrogen, and so the sensitivity of thermal detectors is closely related to temperature of reccombination area, so its simply better to keep reccombination area on some higher temperature. Problem is, that with reccombination the detector without stabilisation would rais its temperature and so would raise the reccombination coefficient, and the experiment would simply become irrelevant. 
# About Code 
The code is 100% python based and for simplicity I have used Inlfuxdb for datalogging of the detection process. The software itself is really simple, it is based on serial ports of two essential devices I use for keeping the detector running and properly working - programmable power supply Keysight E36232A and RDXL4SD portable thermomether. The E36232 power supply is used for heating and in combination with the RDXL4SD thermometer it also does temperature stabilisation using python library simple-PID. Only ailment is, that for reading the serial ports properly I had to use two different libraries - pyvisa and pyserial.
# Prerequisites
To run this simple script you essentially need the exact two devices I have used for it, since any other devices could simply work different and simply wouldnt recognize the commands.

Iam soon going to paste here the code itself, but before I have to make sure it 100% works with my detector. If you would like to know more about my project feel free to leave comment in issues!
